Switched web apps success messaging from channel to event (#30231)
dimagi/commcare-hq: docs/web_apps.rst

Although you can namespace channels, web apps uses a single ``formplayer`` channel for all messages, which is accessed using ``FormplayerFrontend.getChannel()``. You'll see calls to get the channel and then call ``request`` to get at a variety of global-esque data, especially the current user. All of these requests are handled by ``reply`` callbacks defined in ``FormplayerFrontend``.

> ``FormplayerFrontend`` also supports events, which behave similarly. Events are triggered directly on the ``FormplayerFrontend`` object, which defines ``on`` handlers. We tend to use events for navigation and do namespace some of them with ``:``, leading to events like ``menu:select``, ``menu:query``, and ``menu:show:detail``. Som ehelper events are not namespaces, such as ``showError`` and ``showSuccess``.

Author: ```suggestion
``FormplayerFrontend`` also supports events, which behave similarly. Events are triggered directly on the ``FormplayerFrontend`` object, which defines ``on`` handlers. We tend to use events for navigation and do namespace some of them with ``:``, leading to events like ``menu:select``, ``menu:query``, and ``menu:show:detail``. Some helper events are not namespaced, such as ``showError`` and ``showSuccess``.
```
